This video will cover the solution for a workbook.
1.1.
Your first task was to ping google.com.
So back to your if you're using a mac to your terminal, if you're using Windows, your PowerShell or
command prompt, we're going to ping google.com.
And what the ping command does is it continuously sends packets of data to a specific IP address.
And then it tells you how long it took for that data to transmit.
But the purpose of this workbook is to retrieve an IP address that identifies one of Google's servers
and use it to make an HTTP request.
So if we go back to task two, it tells you that that server can listen to HTTP requests made on Port
80.
So if we go back here, specify the IP address followed by the port where that server is listening.
And it makes a request to Google.
Google sends back a response in the form of a Web page.
And it's worth noting that in real life, no one ever writes the full address.
What you would do is write something like Google.com, Google, Dot, and behind the scenes a DNS server
is going to map this URL to an address.